1. What are sessions and cookies? What do they do?
Cookies are how a browser save data about a user. The data is stored in a text file,
which the server can then access via the $_COOKIE Superglobal. They should not hold
sensitive information as they can be read by developer tools. Sessions store user
data and preferences directly on the server. They can be used together to create login
systems.

2. What is SQL? MySQL? What are relational databases?
SQL or Structured query language is the language used for creating and editing databases.
MySQL is the relational database program we will be using that will carryout the SQL
instructions to modify databases. Relational databases orgainize large collections of
data by creating relationships between pieces of data.

3. What is normalization in SQL?
Normalization avoids duplicate data entries by using relationships to orgainize 
columns and tables.

4. What are primary and foreign keys?
Primary keys are used to uniquly identify each row in the database. No two primary keys
can be the same value in a single table. Foreign keys hold the value of a primary key
from another table. This creates a relationship between the two tables

5. Write statements to:
    a. create a new database in phpmyadmin (or use the one from the in class
    assignment)
    b. create a notes table, include the following columns:
        i. id, which should be an integer type, have space for 11 characters, not be
            nullable, and auto increment, set the id column as the primary key
        ii. title, which should be an varchar type, have space for 80 characters, and
            not be nullable
        iii. description, which should be an text type, not be nullable

6. Write statements to
    a. insert some data
    b. update some data
    c. delete some data

7. Write queries to
    a. select all notes and order them by name in reverse alphabetical order
    b. select the second note in the table only, assume that you don’t know the ID
        number of it
    c. select all notes that have descriptions which contain vowels