1. What is HTML? What does it do?
    HTML is a markup language rather than a traditional programming language, meaning that
    it uses tags and attributes to determine how documents/text should be formatted or
    presented. It is largely used to provide the structure of web pages that users interact
    with

2. Access https://www.fordham.edu/. In your own words, describe how this webpage uses
structure to convey meaning and navigation options to the user.
    Fordham's main heading is Fordham University in order to make clear to the user that
    they are accessing Fordham's website. Also at the top of the page is a bar of links
    to access other areas of fordham's website, which is a standard convention to aid
    in usability. The first three news headings featured when first opening the page 
    focus on Rose Hill Gym's 100th anniversary, which are displayed on top of a background
    image of Keating Hall, which shows that Fordham values tradition and athletics, both 
    of which are strong marketing points for attending Fordham. Below the headlines is a
    paragraph pitching Fordham's location, courses, and opportunities. The website structures
    the information in a hierarchy, displaying the strongest selling points first in order
    to get users to consider applying/attending Fordham.

3. What is an HTML element? Tag? Attribute?
    Tags are containers that hold the text/content that will be formatted according to the 
    tag type when HTML is interpreted. There are opening and closing tags to indicate the 
    start and end of the content being formatted. An attribute provides additional information
    to further alter the formatting of the content. An HTML element must include an opening tag, 
    content, and a closing tag, but can also feature an attribute depending on the formatting. 
    HTML elements are the building blocks of the website as a whole.

4. What does it mean when an element has semantic meaning? And structural meaning?
    Semantic meaning adds additional meaning to the elements, though it may not visually
    appear different. This is important for users that use screen readers (which interpret
    strong and bold differently despite appearing the same visually), search engine optimization,
    readability for other developers, and browser compatibility. Structural meaning is the
    purpose of an element to alter the format or appearance of the website, which may not have
    any deeper meaning beyond aesthetics.

5. What is the default behavior when submitting a HTML form?
    The default behavior is to submit the form to the URL, which results in the input from 
    the user being tacked on to the end of the URL.

